updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#15945)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/troubleshooting-setup-issues.md

  
 The following steps must be followed to resolve the problem described previously.  
  

> 1. Run [the WMI Diagnosis Utility, version 2.0](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=94685) to repair the WMI service. For more information about using this tool, see the [WMI Diagnosis Utility](https://docs.microsoft.com/) topic.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run [the WMI Diagnosis Utility, version 2.0](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=94685) to repair the WMI service. For more information about using this tool, see the [WMI Diagnosis Utility](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/tn-archive/ff404265(v%3dmsdn.10)) article.  
```
